This past summer,
the Noumairs and Susan and I
had the privilege to attend
the special convention in Tbilisi, Georgia.
We had delegates from 18 different countries.
Our total attendance,
including those tied in,
was 21,914
with 208 baptized.
The unity of our brotherhood
was on display
as you will see in this brief video.
When the Teaching Committee informed
us that we had been approved to hold
a special convention in Georgia,
we were thrilled.
They provided detailed direction,
and responsible brothers were appointed
to oversee the daunting task
of caring for nearly 2,500 delegates
from more than ten countries.
Local brothers and sisters
from all over the country
eagerly volunteered to assist.
Many volunteers were willing to travel
several hours each way for training.
Jehovah blessed the unity
and willing spirit of those who were
‘courageous and strong and went to work.’
These hardworking brothers and sisters were
often willing to use
their own material resources
to support
the special convention preparations.
Because of their willing spirit,
everything was ready on time.
A brother told me when we got on the plane
that you’re taught to love,
but when you get there,
you’re going to be shown how to love
—and that happened.
We landed at midnight,
and they were there ready to hug us.
It was awesome!
With Jehovah’s help, I can fight!
With Jehovah’s help, I can win!
We are the victors.
We win.
We courageously stay
with Jehovah God and his people.
It’s absolutely amazing
to have brothers from Azerbaijan, Armenia,
Turkmenistan, Poland, United States,
Spain, and many others countries.
And it’s like we’ve known
our brothers all our life,
but yet we’re just now meeting them.
Our united brotherhood gives us yet
another reason for confidence
that there are more with us than against us.
No matter where you go,
the friends are there.
They’ll take you home; they’ll feed you;
they’ll go out in service with you.
The purpose of the evening-gathering program
was not only
to give a taste of the local culture
but was also an opportunity
for local publishers
who worked on the program for months
to demonstrate their love
toward their visiting brothers and sisters.
It’s amazing!
We don’t want to go back home.
No!
The love of the brothers and the way
that we’re an international, complete family
—it’s not separate;
it’s not segregated; it is a family.
And that experience is like nothing ever.
It’s very touching.
We kept hearing that this experience
is a little taste of what the new world
will be like when everyone
on the planet Earth
will be of the same family,
will truly love each other,
have the same Father
—and that’s absolutely
what makes us brothers and sisters.
We all have the same Father
—our Father, Jehovah.